
Saevin
* Used the Internet in order to diagnose his condition(which is shin splints). Depends on what he is in for, like shots, which he feels scared of. Has gone to the doctors beyond annual checkups and he believes it was worth it. Only went to the doctor's annual checkup. Delayed services because the doctor was running behind and an hour delay. His doctor office already does that

* Running injuries and cold in order to improve his condition faster or what the symptoms are. Scheduling and talking to the doctor is difficult. He did not have sudden injuries. One or twice meeting the doctors. Never got delayed or denied. It would be a lot more easier to contact the doctor online then setting up an appointment

* He searched it up and did not have the right info to diagnose his condition. Anxious if it is a vaccine. Appendicitis(?) and hernia. More than 10 checkups. ER wait room prioritization. If they can correctly diagnose you, than yea, but anything else it is stupid

* No, assume it is always the cold. Can’t function in everyday life he would go to the doctors, anything else, no. Broken foot and got quickly issued the crutch. 5 times for vaccines. Doctors are so slow. Probably, but depends on the cost

* Usually doesn’t diagnose, just assumes it will get better. If it truly disrupts, he goes to the doctors office, but searches them up for fun. How sick he feels. Optometrist. 10 check ups. Go schedule!, at the most random date. ChatGPT

Kyle 
* Joel -  Has searched up symptoms before as he had a bad stomach ache and did not want to pay to go to the doctors. Slight discomfort or uneasy during physical checkups. So far, has not seen any doctors outside his annual. Had an annual checkup. Was not denied services. Believes in some cases, contacting doctors or using AI assistant would be faster and easier than going to the doctors.

* Kalli - She has not used the internet to diagnose herself of any issues. She feels awkward when going to the doctor. She has seen a doctor outside of annual checkup (ER) as she had passed out due to dehydration and she says it was NOT worth it as they charged her a heavy fee and gave her liquids. She was never denied or delayed services. She belives that if you need to ask quick questions or need quick information, an AI bot or quick message to the doctor would be useful.

* Torrey - She has not diagnosed herself. She does not go to the doctor unless it is an annual checkup. She has gone to the doctors outside of annual checkups. She has seen 14 professionals/doctors outside the annual checkup for medication. (She yaps about the med-care system about how it is bad) She has been denied medications due to lack of communication and a mistake on their end. She believes that AI is not good as they cannot connect to a person on an emotional level, but she believes that online meetings can be better in some cases.

* Kevin - He regularly checks on symptoms online. A factor that influences weather he goes to the doctor is that it is too much of a hassle to set up one. He has not seen a professional in the past year. He has only seen an annual checkup one time. He has never been denied or delayed services. He believes that using an AI chatbot or messaging doctors would be better if it is outside a physical checkup.

* Viv - She has not diagnosed herself, but she has searched up symptoms and helped other people pointing out their symptoms. She believes that her parents availability and the doctor’s sex matters when choosing a doctor. She has broken her ankle and believe seeing the doctor has not worth it at all. She has seen the doctors more than the annual checkup. A few being received calls from the doctor. She has not been denied or delayed services. She does not like using AI and believes healthcare is too expensive.

Tom
* Vincent - Does not go onto the internet for advice on health conditions. He is not willing to take a risk on serious injuries or conditions. Wait time and information about his doctor influence his visits to the doctor. He also thinks seeing a doctor or a professional is worth it. However, he thinks chatting online with a professional is more efficient than visiting. Was not denied or delayed services.

* Owen - Goes on the internet just to predict what he might have, before going to the doctor for a proper diagnosis. Demeanor, location, and the roles of the medical staff influence their decision to go to the doctor. He was not denied or delayed services, but he thinks an online chat with a professional can reduce time.

* Leila - Goes onto the internet for advice on health conditions, and to identify any conditions she might be having, but she thinks visiting a professional yields a more successful diagnosis. Travel time and environment influence her decision to go to the doctor, due to the length of the time needed to travel and the “cold” climate. However, she thinks it was worth it seeing a professional despite the conditions. She thinks it would be very helpful to have an online chat with an AI or a professional, just to save time needed to visit the professional in person.

* Boston - Goes onto the internet for advice on health conditions, due to him thinking that it would be faster and more cheaper. Convenience (time of appointment, if the customer is busy) is the main factor of his visits, as he wants to have times where he could have a window that he could use to visit his doctor. He thinks it was worth it when seeing a doctor, despite the factors that may hold him back. He has never been denied or delayed services, but he believes that chatting with his doctor may save time, similar to how he goes on the internet

* Elan - He has gone onto the internet to diagnose himself. He often gets injured during soccer, so he goes up to the internet to see if he has a sprained ankle or a broken foot. The wait time is his main factor for visiting a doctor. He HAS been delayed services, as he had to wait 6 hours before he could get his turn. He has a rare autoimmune disease that he had to get treated, so he thinks it’s worth it seeing a doctor. He believes that chatting online because he thinks it’s convenient instead of waiting hours before his turn to visit the doctor. 

Lucas 
* Ethan - He used internet before going to the doctor. Long wait time makes him not want to visit a doctor’s office. He had to visit a doctor outside of annual checkup once for his sprained ankle, and it was worth the visit because his ankle was healed, and now he knows how to prevent such injuries. He saw a doctor 3 times last year including annual checkups. Never had delayed services. An online chat with a doctor or an AI would be helpful for him because he could ask some questions about not that severe symptoms very quickly and conveniently. 

* Arnav - He used internet before going to a doctor because it would save time and also let him know if his sickness is actually severe. How good a doctor is affect his feeling when visiting a doctor. He had to visit a doctor outside of annual checkups when he had appendicitis. It was worth it because he would have died if he didn’t. He visited a doctor once including an annual checkup in the past year. He was denied service one time because he was too young to be used a certain medical device. AI or online chatting could be useful for saving time and mobility. 

* Abtin - He used internet before going to a doctor to get diagnosis faster and also to check on little symptoms. The severity of his condition affects his decision to visit a doctor. He had visited a doctor outside of annual checkup and it was a worthy experience. 3 times past yer including annual checkup. Never denied or delayed services. Online chat or AI would be useful for him because he would be able to consult with his dermatologist frequently and whenever needed with online chat system. 

* Samarth - He used internet before going to a doctor to diagnosis himself. A lot of traffic, cleanliness and wait time affects his decision when visiting a doctor’s office. He had to visit a doctor outside of annual checkup because he had to get a cast for his broken arm, and it was worthy experience. One time in the past year including annual checkups. No delayed services. No comment on AI or online chats. 

* Troy - He usually just goes straight to his doctor. Whether he has severe symptoms affects his feelings/decisions on visiting a doctor’s office. He visited a doctor’s office outside of annual checkup when he got injured. It was worth the visit because they are professionals and can help with his injury. He visited a doctor in person once or twice the past year. He never had denied or delayed services. He responded not really for the last question on AI chat and online chat with doctor. 

Dalia
* Eric - Has used the internet before to diagnose themselves, an example listed was thinking he had strep throat so he searched up symptoms and how long it lasts to try and keep track of how well his situation lined up. Is influenced by the smells at the doctors office and being surrounded by so many ill people. Has had to see a doctor outside of annual checkups when having issues with his knee and needed Physical Therapy which was worth it as it helped his knee. Including his annual checkup has only seen his doctor once or twice this year. In the past, he has booked a flu shot and got pushed back for a long time because a lot of people were also trying to get their flu shots. In general believes that a lot of time and money would be saved by being able to text a doctor instead of making an appointment. Would prefer talking to the doctor about minor things from the comfort of his home.

* Kayra - Isn’t very trusting of sourcing things off the internet as Google uses an AI bot and stays wary, but does agree there is efficiency to this strategy. Influenced by the time commitment of visiting the doctors office as well as the unsureness of not knowing what you will be asked to do and whether your needs will be addressed. Doesn’t like that there is a lot of time spent negotiating with customer service over the phone because things may not go the way you have expected. Has not seen the doctor outside of annual checkups. Has seen their doctor once for their annual checkup. Has never had an appointment held back or canceled as it was for their annual checkup. Believes that if the doctor was fast at replying it would be more efficient to just text them if the tool was offered.

* Erin - Any time she has any concerning symptoms she tends to first look it up before going to the doctor or a trusted adult. Not many things influence her when going to the office, but before scheduling appointments she discusses with her parents who are in the medical field on whether they think it is worth it. Has had to see a professional for her scoliosis issues to get a brace for her back as well as get it examined many times with X-rays. Considered it very helpful as her back has reshaped and gotten much better without surgery being required. Believes she saw her doctor only once or twice aside from her annual checkup and just for her scoliosis issue. Had a sudden injury once where she sprained her ankle and it took 2 to 3 hours just to see a doctor at an ER which was an issue. Can get frustrated at the long commute to the doctors office and thinks an AI assistant would be helpful although she hasn’t considered the option much.

* Anika - Doesn’t use search engines to get a diagnosis. Is influenced by waiting times before seeing the doctor as well as other people being sick in the waiting room. Broke her finger in the past and definitely found it worth it to see her doctor as she needed a cast. Saw her doctor 3 times in the past year including annual checkups. One time an appointment got cancelled without reasoning. Thinks in cases like having headaches or more minor issues it would be very useful to text a doctor about her symptoms.

* Amina - Often uses search engines to research her symptoms but tends to get more stressed doing this. Is influenced by whether her doctor says good things or not at her appointments. Believes it is worth it in the times shes seen her doctor outside of annual checkups. Has seen her doctor twice this year. Couldn’t name any specific reasons for why but had to wait three months for an appointment as her doctor was fully booked. Thinks that being able to text a doctor would be easier as she has had many cases where her symptoms didn’t need to be discussed in person and it would have been easier to handle the appointment online.
